README.md, before:

# Data Analytics Resources
A resource center for articles, books, videos, and tools to support continuous learning and career development in the data field.

## Videos

[Using ChatGPT-4o for Data Analysis](https://youtu.be/U3UhtGYmfBw?si=9mQ4JAqYcEknrwuj)

[Freecodecamp Data Analyst Bootcamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSNXoAs2FtQ)

### YouTube Channels

[Agatha Khan](https://www.youtube.com/@agathakang) - Data / Career / Life 

[Alex the Analyst](https://www.youtube.com/@AlexTheAnalyst) - Helping you become an Analyst Faster 

[Tiff in Tech](https://www.youtube.com/@TiffInTech) - Insights on Tech 

[Christine Jiang](https://www.youtube.com/@christinejiangdata) - Helping early career data analysts and career transitioners go from aspiring to standout 

[Thu Vu Analytics](https://www.youtube.com/@Thuvu5) - Data Science / Career / Life 

[Excel Dictionary](https://www.youtube.com/@ExcelDictionary) - Excel tips and tricks

[Storytelling with Data](https://www.youtube.com/@storytellingwithdata) 

[Datalyser](https://www.youtube.com/@danalyser)

## Books 

[Storytelling With Data](https://www.amazon.com/Storytelling-Data-Visualization-Business-Professionals/dp/1119002257) 

[How to Lie with Statistics](https://www.amazon.com/How-to-Lie-with-Statistics-audiobook/dp/B01C4RPH8Q/ref=sr_1_1?crid=20RVWU1OFEZNA&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.JD2gNSEx1mW4l2jem030bSEuWCeXDBs1kNxGY9o-QA7aiC7JKD5qznN0D-YQOfcezb0hoEq2zQG-zMg8wYIrp3KmG8dY9wQRhh_-Y0kc8-wz6cseALirgVK_uMpC_Aqvb8Q2ejC3p0TZTmpqJg1N1d474CWqo5ATHOQbmshP3DY8K9mjglrC_EDW4cyS1bdg92pAzWrilXzLNmZPVQg7lDdzSdoxzYL71IvwzFEbaTZOk9dFuYVNZR2RAtr44ZdR8YTyLwspDR7YqNEzJqT6Fi7m4ZePBicKKvFSKF8GZ-s._4dPSENCu78a5hKYOGBZ1_eY_Z04ap78kiA8R83nnJc&dib_tag=se&keywords=how+to+lie+with+data&qid=1720931128&s=books&sprefix=how+to+lie+with+data%2Cstripbooks%2C138&sr=1-1) 

[A Whole New Mind](https://www.amazon.com/Whole-New-Mind-Right-Brainers-Future/dp/1594481717)

[Co-Intelligence](https://www.amazon.ca/Co-Intelligence-Living-Working-Ethan-Mollick/dp/059371671X)

[Orchestrating Life-Work Harmony](https://www.amazon.com/Orchestrating-Life-Work-Harmony-Life-First-Courageous-ebook/dp/B0CB9LYYYQ)

## Open Data Sets

[State of Utah Open Data Catalog](https://opendata.utah.gov)

## Articles

[Barbie and Oppenheimer](https://celestemdavis.substack.com/p/barbie-and-oppenheimer-which-is-the?utm_source=substack&publication_id=860502&post_id=146797540&utm_medium=email&utm_content=share&utm_campaign=email-share&triggerShare=true&isFreemail=false&r=720ty&triedRedirect=true) 

[5 GitHub Tips for New Coders](https://medium.com/free-code-camp/5-github-tips-for-new-coders-2f312689ffd5)

[How to Measure Cohort Retention](https://open.substack.com/pub/lenny/p/measuring-cohort-retention?r=720ty&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=email)

[Quickstart for Writing in Markdown on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/quickstart-for-writing-on-github)

## Continuing Education

[Weber State Data Analytics Certificate](https://www.weber.edu/goddard/DataAnalyticsCertificate.html) 

## Annual Report Examples 

[MIT Solve Annual Report](https://info.solve.mit.edu/hubfs/MIT%20Solve%20-%20Annual%20Report%202024.pdf?utm_campaign=Annual%20Fund%20Appeal&utm_medium=email&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8tQgWqIsmwpsXAHAXLkUeRRXmhIHfp3aSF9DY37QgWtC_r_v5oQiLphpuQtH3dvjHi5l8FBvc1cXDf8QxwYQt2jWHYAg&_hsmi=317147358&utm_content=317147356&utm_source=hs_email)

## Websites

[SQL Practice](https://www.sql-practice.com/) 

[SQL Bolt](https://sqlbolt.com/)

[Command Line Cheat Sheet](https://www.git-tower.com/blog/command-line-cheat-sheet/)

## Courses 

[Intro to Git and GitHub](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/github-basics)  

[Intro to Google Sheets](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-sheets-2/table-of-contents) - Pluralsight

Commit message:

Update README.md with bi tooling

README.md, after:

# Data Analytics Resources
A resource center for articles, books, videos, and tools to support continuous learning and career development in the data field.

## Videos

[Using ChatGPT-4o for Data Analysis](https://youtu.be/U3UhtGYmfBw?si=9mQ4JAqYcEknrwuj)

[Freecodecamp Data Analyst Bootcamp](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PSNXoAs2FtQ)

### YouTube Channels

[Agatha Khan](https://www.youtube.com/@agathakang) - Data / Career / Life 

[Alex the Analyst](https://www.youtube.com/@AlexTheAnalyst) - Helping you become an Analyst Faster 

[Tiff in Tech](https://www.youtube.com/@TiffInTech) - Insights on Tech 

[Christine Jiang](https://www.youtube.com/@christinejiangdata) - Helping early career data analysts and career transitioners go from aspiring to standout 

[Thu Vu Analytics](https://www.youtube.com/@Thuvu5) - Data Science / Career / Life 

[Excel Dictionary](https://www.youtube.com/@ExcelDictionary) - Excel tips and tricks

[Storytelling with Data](https://www.youtube.com/@storytellingwithdata) 

[Datalyser](https://www.youtube.com/@danalyser)

## Books 

[Storytelling With Data](https://www.amazon.com/Storytelling-Data-Visualization-Business-Professionals/dp/1119002257) 

[How to Lie with Statistics](https://www.amazon.com/How-to-Lie-with-Statistics-audiobook/dp/B01C4RPH8Q/ref=sr_1_1?crid=20RVWU1OFEZNA&dib=eyJ2IjoiMSJ9.JD2gNSEx1mW4l2jem030bSEuWCeXDBs1kNxGY9o-QA7aiC7JKD5qznN0D-YQOfcezb0hoEq2zQG-zMg8wYIrp3KmG8dY9wQRhh_-Y0kc8-wz6cseALirgVK_uMpC_Aqvb8Q2ejC3p0TZTmpqJg1N1d474CWqo5ATHOQbmshP3DY8K9mjglrC_EDW4cyS1bdg92pAzWrilXzLNmZPVQg7lDdzSdoxzYL71IvwzFEbaTZOk9dFuYVNZR2RAtr44ZdR8YTyLwspDR7YqNEzJqT6Fi7m4ZePBicKKvFSKF8GZ-s._4dPSENCu78a5hKYOGBZ1_eY_Z04ap78kiA8R83nnJc&dib_tag=se&keywords=how+to+lie+with+data&qid=1720931128&s=books&sprefix=how+to+lie+with+data%2Cstripbooks%2C138&sr=1-1) 

[A Whole New Mind](https://www.amazon.com/Whole-New-Mind-Right-Brainers-Future/dp/1594481717)

[Co-Intelligence](https://www.amazon.ca/Co-Intelligence-Living-Working-Ethan-Mollick/dp/059371671X)

[Orchestrating Life-Work Harmony](https://www.amazon.com/Orchestrating-Life-Work-Harmony-Life-First-Courageous-ebook/dp/B0CB9LYYYQ)

## Open Data Sets

[State of Utah Open Data Catalog](https://opendata.utah.gov)

## Articles

[Barbie and Oppenheimer](https://celestemdavis.substack.com/p/barbie-and-oppenheimer-which-is-the?utm_source=substack&publication_id=860502&post_id=146797540&utm_medium=email&utm_content=share&utm_campaign=email-share&triggerShare=true&isFreemail=false&r=720ty&triedRedirect=true) 

[5 GitHub Tips for New Coders](https://medium.com/free-code-camp/5-github-tips-for-new-coders-2f312689ffd5)

[How to Measure Cohort Retention](https://open.substack.com/pub/lenny/p/measuring-cohort-retention?r=720ty&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=email)

[Quickstart for Writing in Markdown on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/getting-started-with-writing-and-formatting-on-github/quickstart-for-writing-on-github)

## Continuing Education

[Weber State Data Analytics Certificate](https://www.weber.edu/goddard/DataAnalyticsCertificate.html) 

## Annual Report Examples 

[MIT Solve Annual Report](https://info.solve.mit.edu/hubfs/MIT%20Solve%20-%20Annual%20Report%202024.pdf?utm_campaign=Annual%20Fund%20Appeal&utm_medium=email&_hsenc=p2ANqtz-8tQgWqIsmwpsXAHAXLkUeRRXmhIHfp3aSF9DY37QgWtC_r_v5oQiLphpuQtH3dvjHi5l8FBvc1cXDf8QxwYQt2jWHYAg&_hsmi=317147358&utm_content=317147356&utm_source=hs_email)

## Websites

[SQL Practice](https://www.sql-practice.com/) 

[SQL Bolt](https://sqlbolt.com/)

[Command Line Cheat Sheet](https://www.git-tower.com/blog/command-line-cheat-sheet/)

## Courses 

[Intro to Git and GitHub](https://teamtreehouse.com/library/github-basics) - Treehouse 

[Intro to Google Sheets](https://app.pluralsight.com/library/courses/google-sheets-2/table-of-contents) - Pluralsight

## BI Tooling

[Tableau](https://www.tableau.com/learn)

[Looker Data Studio](https://lookerstudio.google.com/)

[Hex](https://hex.tech/)
